---
layout: post
title: Hiatus
category: scribbles

---

It's been a few months since I last wrote. Frankly I was feeling a bit worn out from juggling part-time class with work, traveling, and maybe going a bit overboard with exercise.

This past weekend, I went surfing and the water was much colder than 3 weeks ago when I went last. It has been cooler than usual these past few days too, and we went early morning so there was no sun to warm us afterwards either.

Being crushed and having your hands turn purple from cold hardly sounds fun, but I actually had a blast. There was something amazing about continuing to wrestle with the waves all the while knowing it will continue to crush me. 8 out of 10 times, I was either underwater doing backflips, or drinking saltwater. There is however the 1-2 times I managed to get my knees on the surfboard and ride the waves to the shore.

I'm guessing you may know where I am going with this metaphor. Surfing this weekend reminded me of how I should be approaching life. Early this year, I had the opportunity to reset, start from scatch, a blank slate so to say. It was exciting to rebuild, meet new people, and settle into a new environment. After only 6 months, I can happily say I settled in comfortably. But just when I thought things were going smoothly, another wave swept me off the ground or surfboard in this metaphor.

I'm learning that the focus should never to be to ride the board to the shore. It's actuallly not about me or the board - rather it's about the waves and the magnificent ocean that surrounds us. In the past, I longed to be on the shore - safely tucked away from the rough waters. I was ready to settle, lay down lazily, and watch as others wrestle with the waves. This past year, when I was thrown into one of the biggest waves yet, I had a choice to be swept away or keep swimming. I chose to keep swimming and learned that the beauty of life is in the struggles, in the way we build our strengths amidst the rough waters.

> Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
>
> Albert Einstein


... to be continued.
