---
layout: post
title: First half of 2017
category: scribbles

---

A lot has happened since the end of 2016.

An amazing friend, and someone I am grateful to know, helped me build this awesome website. It was his last gift, and I wanted to continue where we left off. It took me awhile to remember how to add these posts, but I'm happy I somehow figured it out (after hrs of googling on virtual box / git).

After traveling in Europe last fall / winter, I moved back to Los Angeles this year. I am now working at Hulu as a data analyst, and really enjoying my time learning more about the media industy and using tools such as R regularly to explore interesting business questions.

It has been amazing to wake up in Santa Monica every morning, bike to work, and spend time with awesome people on my team who I've become good friends with this past few months. There are really no words to describe how thankful I am for all the blessings God has poured on me and people I love, and I am excited to share His love by serving others.

This website will be one way for me to give back, by sharing any tips / insights on data analytics in the hopes of helping others who are thinking about pursuing this field. It will also be a place I share life events and reflections on random topics - enjoy!


> For I can do everything through christ, who gives me strength.
>
> ~ Philippians 4:13

---

### Second half of 2017

As the first half of 2017 wraps up, I decided on re-writing the new year's resolutions. I wonder what % of people are still following the resolutions by end of June - I don't really remember what mine were. Anyways, below is my new list, which I will work hard to keep. :)

1. No alcohol / going out Saturday (excl. trip to Guadalajara end of August)
2. Stay Pescatarian (excl. 1 cheat day a month)
3. Exercise everyday in the morning, alternating between cycle by beach and yoga on weekdays and water fun (e.g. paddleboarding, surfing) on Saturday mornings
4. Eat yogurt and fruits every morning at work
5. Spend 10 minutes before/after sleep to pray and give thanks
6. Study R on DataCamp everyday for 30 minutes at least
7. Cook meals at home using Plated, to learn new recipes and eat healthier

Seven resolutions to keep in mind - cheers to second half of 2017!
